1. It is unclear to me what the velocity reference frame is.

I added a paragraph in section 3 to discuss the velocity reference frame, and 
how the velocity was calculated. I also discussed the reason for choosing the
heliocentric velocity. I hope this addition can clarify the reference frame issue.

2. I think throwing out the very close objects isn't warranted here.  
    With peculiar velocities of ~600 km/s much of your sample has similar (if not larger) problems.  
    What you're finding, I think, is that there are large scale flows for structures larger/farther away than the local group.  
    And there are. 
    It is good to look at outliers.  
    In big catalogs outliers are often objects with bad measurements.  
    You do need to check, of course, as real outliers may be of special physical interest.

In section 4, I discussed and justified the reason to remove close objects, as these 
objects might be under the gravitational influence of the local group. Thus, these objects
are not good candidates for the general expansion for the universe. Based on this consideration,
I removed the objects within the 1.5 Mpc. The selection bias has been discussed in the error
and uncertainty section as well. 

I agree with you that these TRGBs with high peculiar velocity are very likely due to 
the large scale flow, such as in some filaments or near some gravitational anomaly. 
Since Hubble's law describes the isotropic and homogenous expansion of universe. It is 
safe to remove these anomalies in small scale (within a range of 0.6 Mpc). 6 out of 199
points have been removed, which should not have a significant impact on the final result. 


4. There are many small errors and typos (e.g., "comic" instead of "cosmic").

Thank you for your feedback. This has been addressed. I also used a spell-checking tool
to ensure small typos should have been fixed. 

5. Your uncertainty seems very small given the data set.  
    You might try other ways of estimating the uncertainty.

Instead of curve_fit provided by scipy, I used chi-square fitting and Hyperfit. These two 
methods both took uncertainty of data into account. Even though the uncertainty of the Hubble constant
derived from the fit line is still very small, I think it is very likely due to the intrinsic data 
scattering of the sample. Hyperfit algorithm gives a very small log-likelihood, meaning the 
parameters of the fitting line are not very reliable. However, in terms of methodology, 
the two fitting methods have been discussed and justified in the paper.

6. Your fitting algorithm is not clear.  
    There are several OLS fitting algorithms.

I have specified objective function for both fitting methods I used in the paper. I
also explained the parameters used in the objective function. I hope this addition
can clarify the fitting algorithms I used. 

